get-started: update workshop paths (#20216)
docker/docs: content/engine/swarm/swarm-tutorial/_index.md

This tutorial requires three Linux hosts which have Docker installed and can
communicate over a network. These can be physical machines, virtual machines,
Amazon EC2 instances, or hosted in some other way. Check out

> [Getting started - Swarms](../../../guides/deployment-orchestration/swarm-deploy.md#prerequisites) for one possible set-up for the hosts.

Reviewer: [Question] Not in the diff, but should this match the article name?
```suggestion
[Deploy to Swarm](../../../guides/deployment-orchestration/swarm-deploy.md#prerequisites) for one possible set-up for the hosts.
```
